Fix absolute links https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet links to relative links (#9837)
dotnet/docs: styleguide/template.md

> * How to add a class and an XmlSerializer
> * How to build and run the application

> You can see an example of checked lists in action in the [.NET Core docs](~/docs/core/additional-tools/xml-serializer-generator.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see an example of checked lists in action in the [.NET Core docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/additional-tools/xml-serializer-generator).
```

>[Previous](../docs/csharp/expression-trees-interpreting.md)
>[Next](../docs/csharp/expression-trees-translating.md)

> You can see an example of step-by-steps in action at the [C# Guide](~/docs/csharp/tour-of-csharp/program-structure.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see an example of step-by-steps in action at the [C# Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/csharp/tour-of-csharp/program-structure).
```
